Add Go example for new Helm Release feature (#1156)
pulumi/examples: kubernetes-go-helm-release-wordpress/README.md

[![Deploy](https://get.pulumi.com/new/button.svg)](https://app.pulumi.com/new?template=https://github.com/pulumi/examples/blob/master/kubernetes-go-helm-wordpress/README.md)

# Wordpress Helm Chart

> Uses the Helm API of `pulumi-kubernetes` to deploy `v9.6.0` of the Wordpress Helm Chart to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the Helm Release API of `pulumi-kubernetes` to deploy `v13.0.6` of the Wordpress Helm Chart to a
```

Now, install dependencies:

```sh
go mod download
```

Create a new stack:

```sh
$ pulumi stack init
Enter a stack name: wordpress-dev
```

Preview the deployment of the application and the perform the deployment:

```sh
pulumi up
Previewing update (wordpress-dev)

View Live: https://app.pulumi.com/...

     Type                              Name                                                 Plan
 +   pulumi:pulumi:Stack               kubernetes-go-helm-release-wordpress-wordpress-dev   create
 +   └─ kubernetes:helm.sh/v3:Release  wpdev                                                create
 
Resources:
    + 2 to create

Do you want to perform this update? yes
Updating (wordpress-dev)

View Live: https://app.pulumi.com/...

     Type                              Name                                                 Status
 +   pulumi:pulumi:Stack               kubernetes-go-helm-release-wordpress-wordpress-dev   created
 +   ├─ kubernetes:helm.sh/v3:Release  wpdev                                                created
     └─ kubernetes:core/v1:Service     frontendIp

Outputs:
    frontendIp: "10.96.85.225"

Resources:
    + 2 created

Duration: 1m4s

```

> We can see here in the `---outputs:---` section that Wordpress was allocated a public IP, in this

Reviewer: Some clarification here might be helpful. Since its cluster ip, the address is only resolvable locally from within the cluster. You will have to portforward to the service in order to actually hit the frontend, e.g.:
`kubectl port-forward  svc/wpdev-xxxx-wordpress 8080:80`
then hit localhost:8080

Reviewer: See #1157 and #1158 for reference.
